My website is very similar to what the AI generative created website. Just a few things that are different like the AI generative creative ways to have the viewer find the console logging information. But I had different questions, my own opinion, and how I wanted to design the website. I would not like to always rely on AI-generated outputs or someone else’s work . It's good to have your own work as I have my own individual mind like everyone else and I think it is important to express that. I do think that AI-generated outputs or someone else's work could help bring your ideas into light while using these resources to help enhance your ideas. Like I use YouTube to show me how to build the foundation that I am not so familiar with or when something I want to do isn’t working and I think for a lot of people AI can do the same thing. I'm just more of a visual learner and that is why I use YouTube and they give more indepth information to why you need to do what they are showing you in my opinion. Once I get the foundation and learn from these tools that is when I go free range on what I want on the website and design. From learning from these videos I see what I was doing wrong, or missing, or learning which I think helps give me a better understanding of the code that is written and I could adequately explain the code that was written. Even using these tools I do feel like it could be your own. It just depends if you have changed it to make it your own and I feel like I do that with mine. I do not think people should just copy and paste because if you do that then how would you ever be able to express the real ideas and intent you had for the project. I think AI and someone's creation can be useful tools for learning but if you use it not as a tool but a way to not do work or retrieve information I think it is not useful to learning. 